FROM: ayoussef
DATE: 09-15-2012
SUBJECT: Do your homework
BODY:
My advice to you is to start to do your programming assignment 1 today. -AY
----------
FROM: korman
DATE: 09-16-2012
SUBJECT: cs1132
BODY:
listen to your professor of cs1132, and follow his advice.
You won't regret it.

Good luck!
Your Chairman
----------
FROM: ayoussef
DATE: 09-21-2012
SUBJECT: next phase of assignment 1
BODY:
I hope you are progressing well in your first programming assignment 
in cs1132. By now, you should have come up with an overall design of 
your program, determined what classes to use to model each message and to
model the whole set of messages. Also, you should by now be done
implementing the file-reading part of your program.

Good luck!
Your instructor
----------
FROM: yourethics
DATE: 09-22-2012
SUBJECT: academic honesty
BODY:
Hello there,
We hope you are doing well in all your assignments.
Remember to do your best while maintaining the highest moral conduct.
You cannot cheat, you cannot download software from anywhere to
do your programming assignments in cs1132, and you cannot ask anyone else
to write a program or piece of code for you to include in your cs 1132
programming assignments. If you have any question or need help, ask the
instructor or the TAs; they are there to help you. They know how much to
tell you without giving away the answers and denying you the opportunity
to challenge yourself and learn.

Good luck!
Your ethics
----------
FROM: yourcs1132TAs
DATE: 09-28-2012
SUBJECT: 2nd phase of assignment 1
BODY:
By now, you should have completed the coding of the classes and the 
main function, along with adequate documentation for you and your graders.
You should now turn into testing your program against the sample data 
that Professor Youssef provided to you on the course Web site, and do
the necessary debugging and corrections. 

Remember, your program must read two input files, called literally 
messagesfile and queriesfile. These two files are assumed to be in the
same folder (or directory) as your C++ program. Remember also that your
program output goes to the standard output, using cout.

Good luck!
Your TAs
----------
